fetchFromBittorrent: init (#212930)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/builders/fetchers.chapter.md

If `fetchSubmodules` is `true`, `fetchFromSourcehut` uses `fetchgit`
or `fetchhg` with `fetchSubmodules` or `fetchSubrepos` set to `true`,
respectively. Otherwise, the fetcher uses `fetchzip`.

## `fetchFromBittorrent` {#fetchfrombittorrent}

> `fetchFromBittorrent` expects two arguments. `url` which can either be a Magnet URI (Magnet Link) such as `magnet:?xt=urn:btih:dd8255ecdc7ca55fb0bbf81323d87062db1f6d1c` or a standard HTTP URL pointing to a `.torrent` file such as `https://rtfm.net/warez.torrent`. It can also take a `config` argument which will craft a `settings.json` configuration file and give it to `transmission`, the underlying program that is performing the fetch. The available config options for `transmission` can be found [here](https://github.com/transmission/transmission/blob/main/docs/Editing-Configuration-Files.md#options)

Author: https://github.com/edolstra/nix-warez

> `fetchFromBittorrent` expects two arguments. `url` which can either be a Magnet URI (Magnet Link) such as `magnet:?xt=urn:btih:dd8255ecdc7ca55fb0bbf81323d87062db1f6d1c` or a standard HTTP URL pointing to a `.torrent` file such as `https://rtfm.net/warez.torrent`. It can also take a `config` argument which will craft a `settings.json` configuration file and give it to `transmission`, the underlying program that is performing the fetch. The available config options for `transmission` can be found [here](https://github.com/transmission/transmission/blob/main/docs/Editing-Configuration-Files.md#options)

Reviewer: I think the name of that github repo is a mild joke; there's nothing illegal in it.  Please, I'm asking you to change this example for the sake of not further slandering this lovely protocol.

> `fetchFromBittorrent` expects two arguments. `url` which can either be a Magnet URI (Magnet Link) such as `magnet:?xt=urn:btih:dd8255ecdc7ca55fb0bbf81323d87062db1f6d1c` or a standard HTTP URL pointing to a `.torrent` file such as `https://rtfm.net/warez.torrent`. It can also take a `config` argument which will craft a `settings.json` configuration file and give it to `transmission`, the underlying program that is performing the fetch. The available config options for `transmission` can be found [here](https://github.com/transmission/transmission/blob/main/docs/Editing-Configuration-Files.md#options)

Author: I can point it to `https://github.com/edolstra/nix-warez`, if you want. I don't think there's anything slanderous about it.

> `fetchFromBittorrent` expects two arguments. `url` which can either be a Magnet URI (Magnet Link) such as `magnet:?xt=urn:btih:dd8255ecdc7ca55fb0bbf81323d87062db1f6d1c` or a standard HTTP URL pointing to a `.torrent` file such as `https://rtfm.net/warez.torrent`. It can also take a `config` argument which will craft a `settings.json` configuration file and give it to `transmission`, the underlying program that is performing the fetch. The available config options for `transmission` can be found [here](https://github.com/transmission/transmission/blob/main/docs/Editing-Configuration-Files.md#options)

Reviewer 2: > `https://github.com/edolstra/nix-warez`

That doesn't make it good.

```suggestion
`fetchFromBittorrent` expects two arguments. `url` which can either be a Magnet URI (Magnet Link) such as `magnet:?xt=urn:btih:dd8255ecdc7ca55fb0bbf81323d87062db1f6d1c` or an HTTP URL pointing to a `.torrent` file. It can also take a `config` argument which will craft a `settings.json` configuration file and give it to `transmission`, the underlying program that is performing the fetch. The available config options for `transmission` can be found [here](https://github.com/transmission/transmission/blob/main/docs/Editing-Configuration-Files.md#options)
```

- Don't need an example URL, and probably it doesn't have to end in `.torrent` anyway? HTTP has `Content-Type` headers, and even without such a header I'm sure the client knows what to do with it. If not, please describe the limitations explicitly as such.

- Haven't heard of non-standard HTTP URLs, so let's remove "standard".

> `fetchFromBittorrent` expects two arguments. `url` which can either be a Magnet URI (Magnet Link) such as `magnet:?xt=urn:btih:dd8255ecdc7ca55fb0bbf81323d87062db1f6d1c` or a standard HTTP URL pointing to a `.torrent` file such as `https://rtfm.net/warez.torrent`. It can also take a `config` argument which will craft a `settings.json` configuration file and give it to `transmission`, the underlying program that is performing the fetch. The available config options for `transmission` can be found [here](https://github.com/transmission/transmission/blob/main/docs/Editing-Configuration-Files.md#options)

Reviewer 2: Please document the parameters by listing them in separate paragraphs. As an example, see `nixos/doc/manual/development/option-types.section.md`
